docs: man/man1/*.adoc - review asciidoc formatting (smoe:docs_wording_20240807) (#3060)
LinuxCNC/linuxcnc: docs/src/man/man1/mitsub_vfd.1.adoc

*PARAMETER 122*:: COM check time interval 9999 +
(never check - if communication is lost inverter will not know (can change))

*PARAMETER 123*:: wait time - 9999 +
No wait time is added to the serial data frame (don't change).

*PARAMETER 124*:: CR selection - 0 +
don't change

*PARAMETER 549*:: communication protocol - 0 +
computer link protocol - don't change - (not all VFDs have this)

== NOTES

This driver assumes certain other VFD settings:
- That the motor frequency status is set to show Hertz. +
- That the status bit 3 is up to speed. +
- That the status bit 7 is alarm.

Some models (eg E500) cannot monitor status. +
You must set set the monitor pin to false. +
In this case pins such as up-to-speed, amps, alarm and status bits are not useful.

== PINS

[_VFD NAME_]**.fwd** (bit, in):: forward/reverse pin
[_VFD NAME_]**.run** (bit, in):: run/stop pin
[_VFD NAME_]**.debug** (bit, in):: set debug mode pin.
This will print many messages to the terminal.
[_VFD NAME_]**.monitor** (bit, in):: set monitor mode pin.
If false, request-status command will not be sent to VFD.
Status, amps, power, motor-feedback, and alarm would then not be useful.

> [_VFD NAME_]**.estop* (bit, in):: set E-stop mode pin

Reviewer: square bracket problem here as well

_VFD_NAME_**.monitor** (bit, in):: Set monitor mode pin.
If false, request-status command will not be sent to VFD.
Status, amps, power, motor-feedback, and alarm would then not be useful.
_VFD_NAME_**.estop** (bit, in):: Set E-stop mode pin.
This will stop the VFD. Restarting requires the run pin to cycle.
_VFD_NAME_**.fwd** (bit, out):: Up-to-speed status pin Motor is at requested speed within VFD's settings tolerance.
_VFD_NAME_**.alarm** (bit, out):: Alarm status pin
_VFD_NAME_**.motor-cmd** (float, in):: The requested motor speed, in Hertz (Hz)
_VFD_NAME_**.motor-fb** (float, out):: The motor feedback speed (from VFD) in Hertz (Hz)
_VFD_NAME_**.motor-amps** (float, out):: The motor current, in amperes (A)
_VFD_NAME_**.motor-power** (float, out):: The motor power
_VFD_NAME_**.scale-cmd** (float, in):: Motor command's scale setting defaults to 1
_VFD_NAME_**.scale-cmd** (float, in):: Motor command's scale setting defaults to 1
_VFD_NAME_**.scale-cmd** (float, in):: Motor command's scale setting defaults to 1
_VFD_NAME_**.stat-bit-0** (bit, out):: Raw status bit
_VFD_NAME_**.stat-bit-1** (bit, out):: Raw status bit
_VFD_NAME_**.stat-bit-2** (bit, out):: Raw status bit

> _VFD_NAME_**.stat-bit-3** (bit, out):: Raw status bit. Set the VFD so this is motor-at-speed status. FIXME: Unclear - is the signal set or is the wiring to be set in a particular way?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_VFD_NAME_**.stat-bit-3** (bit, out):: Raw status bit. Configure the VFD so that the function 'Up to frequency' or 'motor-at-speed' is assigned to this status bit (parameter 191 for 700 series).
```

_VFD_NAME_**.stat-bit-4** (bit, out):: Raw status bit
_VFD_NAME_**.stat-bit-5** (bit, out):: Raw status bit
_VFD_NAME_**.stat-bit-6** (bit, out):: Raw status bit

> _VFD_NAME_**.stat-bit-7** (bit, out):: Raw status bit. Set the VFD so this in the alarm bit. FIXME: Unclear - is the signal set or is the wiring to be set in a particular way?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_VFD_NAME_**.stat-bit-7** (bit, out):: Raw status bit. Configure the VFD so that the function 'alarm' is assigned to this status bit (parameter 195 for 700 series)
```

_VFD_NAME_**.monitor** (bit, in):: Set monitor mode pin.
If false, request-status command will not be sent to VFD.
Status, amps, power, motor-feedback, and alarm would then not be useful.
_VFD_NAME_**.estop* (bit, in):: Set E-stop mode pin.
This will stop the VFD. Restarting requires the run pin to cycle.
_VFD_NAME_**.fwd** (bit, out):: Up-to-speed status pin Motor is at requested speed within VFD's settings tolerance.
_VFD_NAME_**.alarm** (bit, out):: Alarm status pin
_VFD_NAME_**.motor-cmd** (float, in):: The requested motor speed, in Hertz (Hz)
_VFD_NAME_**.motor-fb** (float, out):: The motor feedback speed (from VFD) in Hertz (Hz)
_VFD_NAME_**.motor-amps** (float, out):: The motor current, in amperes (A)
_VFD_NAME_**.motor-power** (float, out):: The motor power
_VFD_NAME_**.scale-cmd** (float, in):: Motor command's scale setting defaults to 1
_VFD_NAME_**.scale-cmd** (float, in):: Motor command's scale setting defaults to 1
_VFD_NAME_**.scale-cmd** (float, in):: Motor command's scale setting defaults to 1
_VFD_NAME_**.stat-bit-0** (bit, out):: Raw status bit
_VFD_NAME_**.stat-bit-1** (bit, out):: Raw status bit
_VFD_NAME_**.stat-bit-2** (bit, out):: Raw status bit

> _VFD_NAME_**.stat-bit-3** (bit, out):: Raw status bit. Set the VFD so this is motor-at-speed status. FIXME: Unclear - is the signal set or is the wiring to be set in a particular way?

Author: Could some good soul please help with a patch that improves the wording of this description?

Reviewer: You have to configure the vfd so that this status bit is mapped to the function "up to frequency"

See https://dl.mitsubishielectric.com/dl/fa/document/manual/inv/sh060014/sh060014engb.pdf

page 458 and pages 61/62:

![grafik](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1f9a2396-8530-4296-8eef-065baa6d3283)

![grafik](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/795092e7-7498-40d7-8541-511917337630)

![grafik](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/29923cab-42b8-4f65-a054-e2c705af44f7)

_VFD_NAME_**.stat-bit-4** (bit, out):: Raw status bit
_VFD_NAME_**.stat-bit-5** (bit, out):: Raw status bit
_VFD_NAME_**.stat-bit-6** (bit, out):: Raw status bit

> _VFD_NAME_**.stat-bit-7** (bit, out):: Raw status bit. Set the VFD so this in the alarm bit. FIXME: Unclear - is the signal set or is the wiring to be set in a particular way?

Author: Same here, I did not get it.
